http://www.rci.cvut.cz/





MENU

About
Research Programs
Work with us






About
Research Programs
Work with us

















MENU


                    RCI is the centre of scientific excellence in computer science and artificial intelligence that boosts and integrates internationally competitive research conducted at Czech Technical University. The goal of RCI is to foster collaboration between the experts in different fields of computer science, between fundamental scientists and application-driven researchers, but chiefly between the experienced, internationally recognised, senior scientists and graduate students, postdocs and young assistant professors. RCI is focused on longer term sustainability of excellence computer science and artificial intelligence.
                




Research Programs










Computer vision



Computer vision

Center for Machine Perception (CMP)









Artificial Intelligence



Artificial Intelligence

Artificial Intelligence Center (AIC)









Machine Learning



Machine Learning

Machine Learning Group
Intelligent Data Analysis Lab (IDA)











Robotics



Robotics


Vision for Robotics and Autonomous Systems (VRAS)


Computational Robotics Laboratory










Bioinformatics



Bioinformatics and medical data processing


Biomedical imaging algorithms


Intelligent Data Analysis Lab (IDA)


Machine Learning


Signal Analysis, Modelling, and Interpretation


Analysis and Interpretation of Biomedical Data










Computer graphics



Computer graphics


Department of Computer Graphics and Interaction FEE CTU












Embeded security



Embeded Security


Department of Digital Design FIT CTU


Department of Information Security FIT CTU










Theoretical Computer Science



Theoretical computer science


Department of Theoretical Computer Science FIT CTU










High performance computing



High performance computing


Department of Computer Systems FIT CTU










Work with us






                        Student projects
                    

                        Work with us on your thesis and/or student project. Join us for a summer job.
                    





                        Ph.D. positions
                    

                        Apply for Ph.D. position and join us for 4 years of intensive research experience.
                    





                        Post doc positions
                    

                        Teaching and researching in the next logical career step for many Ph.D. postdoctoral scholars. Join us and advance your academic training.
                    





                        Short-term visits
                    

                        Come to work with us in the center of Prague for a couple weeks or months.
                    





                        Open lab
                    

                        Visit us at the lab to quickly discuss your problem and how we could help solving it.
                    





Open positions




PhD Student
World-class AI research in Prague : Artificial Intelligence Center, Departement of Computer Science, CTU in Prague

            

Post-doc position
World-class AI research in Prague : Artificial Intelligence Center, Departement of Computer Science, CTU in Prague
            



            If you were interested in any kind of cooperation, please forward us your CV and a short motivation letter to takuskat@fel.cvut.cz























































































Participating labs and departments





FEE CTU



Department of Computer Science


Department of Cybernetics


Department of Computer Graphics and Interaction





FIT CTU




Department of Computer Systems


Department of Theoretical Computer Science


Department of Digital Design


Department of Information Security









Research Center for Informatics / Tel: +420 22435 7337 / Email: info@rci.cvut.cz 
                    The project RCI (reg. no. CZ.02.1.01/0.0/0.0/16_019/0000765) is supported by EU. The project is running from 1/3/2018 to 31/10/2022.












 Kontaktní osobou je Ing. Pavla Bradáčová z PR oddělení.



Ing. Pavla Bradáčová
PR referentka

 pr@fit.cvut.cz
 +420 22435 9819
 T9:313




Osoba zodpovědná za obsah této stránky

Bc. Veronika Dvořáková, veronika.dvorakova@fit.cvut.czPR referentka




 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 27.3.2019, 17:23      
           
                          
       






