https://www.fit.cvut.cz/en







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Structure
Official notice board
Int. relations
Research
History
Academic Senate
Contacts
Events









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Faculty Novinky    News







News




Clash of Faculties—Frisbee

       -   
  
05.05.2019


On May 5, the seventh tournament of the Clash of Faculties, this time in the frisbee, takes place on the SK Střešovice field. Sign in and come to support the Faculty of Information Technology, which is only one point behind the first place after the fifth tournament in the interim results.







International Day

       -   
  
16.04.2019


The International Day is held on Apr. 16 in Dejvice Campus. This fair is an excellent opportunity to get useful information about travelling abroad. You can meet international students who will answer your questions and inform you about their culture. You can look forward to traditional food, customs, and student bands.







R. Pergl Appointed a Docent

       -   
  
01.04.2019


Ing. Robert Pergl, Ph.D., defended his habilitation thesis “Conceptualisation: Chapters from Harmonizing Enterprise and Software Engineering” and was appointed a docent (associate professor) on Apr. 1. R. Pergl works at the Department of Software Engineering and the Centre for Conceptual Modeling and Implementation. His research focus is conceptual modelling, software engineering, and programming languages.







Lesamáj

       -   
  
30.04.2019


Lesamáj or Technically Majáles of Dejvice takes place on Apr. 30 in Dejvice Campus. The multi-genre festival in the spirit of student cooperation and belonging starts at 11:00. You can look forward to musical and theatrical performances or the announcement of Her/His Majesty of Lesamáj.







SHOW Festival

       -   
  
24.04.2019


On Apr. 24, Silicon Hill club hosts the eleventh year of Silicon Hill Open Wednesday (SHOW) on the premises of Strahov Dormitory. There are four stages program of the best performers and rich accompanying program. The main star of the evening will be pop-punk band Vypsaná fiXa. Entry is free of charge.







FIT LAN Party

       -   
  
13.04.2019


On Apr. 13, the FIT++ club prepared for all gaming enthusiasts in the room TH:A-1455 another FIT LAN Party. You can play old game titles like Counter-Strike 1.6 or Warcraft 3. But do not forget to bring your gaming device.







Summer Sports Courses

       -   
  
08.04.2019


The Institute of Physical Education and Sport, CTU, has prepared a wide range of summer courses for students. There is a choice of more than twelve kinds of sports, the courses are organised both in the Czech Republic and abroad. You can register directly on their website without registration of the course in the KOS system.



 page 1 / 24

 




       
Supercomputer With the Highest Performance for AI


The computer cluster with the highest performance for artificial intelligence research in the Czech Republic was built as part of the Research Center for Informatics (RCI) project of the Faculty of Information Technology and the Faculty of Electrical Engineering. This supercomputer worth CZK 41.6 million is located in the underground of the FEE building on Karlovo náměstí. With its 6 PetaFLOPS performance, scientists can research deep learning methods such as robotics and bioinformatics applications, developing computer security applications, or managing autonomous cars.
Press release on the new computer cluster (only in Czech)

We Opened the Department of Information Security


The Faculty of Information Technology, CTU became the first faculty in the Czech Republic, which founded the Department of Information Security—a specialised workplace for the study of IT security. The department specialises in network and system security, cryptology, hardware and software security. At present, the new department also offers four professional laboratories—Hardware Laboratory, RFID Laboratory, Forensic Analysis Laboratory, and Ethical Hacking Laboratory. The head of the department is prof. Róbert Lórencz.
Read more about the Department of Information Security
Press release on the opening of the Department of Information Security (only in Czech)

InstallFest 2019


The eleventh year of the InstallFest conference takes place on March 2–3 at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering, CTU, at Karlovo náměstí. The Linux community meeting offers a rich program with lectures and workshops not only on topics of computer security and the Internet. Among the lecturers, there are traditionally employees and students of our faculty, e.g. Lukáš Bařinka, Tomáš Čejka, Martin Bílý, and Karel Jílek. In addition to the open technologies, the conference also offers open food—OpenCola. The event is free of charge, but registration is required.
Read more about InstallFest 2019

Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019


The twelveth year of the Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day conference takes place on February 13–14 at the Faculty of Information Technology. The two-day event will offer workshops and lectures about the PostgreSQL open-source database. Magnus Hagander, PostgreSQL Core Team Member and Major Developer, also lectures at the conference. The event is paid and registration is required. The faculty has several free tickets for students available for both Wednesday and Thursday program. For more information, contact Michal Valenta.
Read more about the Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019



 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 24.4.2019, 15:32      
           
                          
       






