http://dcgi.fel.cvut.cz













People
Courses
Publications
Theses
Partners
Contacts
Wiki


CS









Research





Nautilus: Recovering Regional Symmetry Transformations…
Natural images often exhibit symmetries that should be taken into account when editing them. In this paper we present Nautilus -- a method for automatically identifying symmetric…


























Nautilus: Recovering Regional Symmetry Transformations…
Natural images often exhibit symmetries that should be taken into account when editing them. In this paper we present Nautilus -- a method for automatically identifying symmetric…


Color Me Noisy: Example-based Rendering of Hand…
We present an example-based approach to rendering hand-colored animations which delivers visual richness comparable to real artwork while enabling control over the amount of…


LazyFluids: Appearance Transfer for Fluid Animations
In this paper we present a novel approach to appearance transfer for fluid animations based on flow-guided texture synthesis. In contrast to common practice where pre-captured…


Brushables: Example-based Edge-aware Directional…
In this paper we present Brushables, a novel approach to example-based painting that respects user-specified shapes at the global level and preserves textural details of the…


Advanced Drawing Beautification with ShipShape
Sketching is one of the simplest ways to visualize ideas. Its key advantage is its easy availability and accessibility, as it require the user to have neither deep knowledge of a…


Example-Based Synthesis of Stylized Facial Animations
We introduce a novel approach to example-based stylization of portrait videos that preserves both the subject's identity and the visual richness of the input style exemplar.…


Extensions to Bidirectional Texture Function…
Bidirectional texture function (BTF) as an effective visual fidelity representation of surface appearance is becoming more and more widely used. In this paper we report on three…


CHC+RT: Coherent Hierarchical Culling for Ray Tracing
We propose a new technique for in-core and out-of-core GPU ray tracing using a generalization of hierarchical occlusion culling in the style of the CHC++ method. Our method…


Ink-and-Ray: Bas-Relief Meshes for Adding Global…
We present a new approach for generating global illumination renderings of hand-drawn characters using only a small set of simple annotations. Our system exploits the concept of…


ToonSynth: Example-Based Synthesis of Hand-Colored…
We present a new example-based approach for synthesizing hand-colored cartoon animations. Our method produces results that preserve the specific visual appearance and stylized…


Decomposing Time-lapse Paintings into Layers
The creation of a painting, in the physical world or digitally, is a process that occurs over time. Later strokes cover earlier strokes, and strokes painted at a similar time are…


Light Chisel: 6DOF Pen Tracking
We present a novel interaction device tracked in 6 degrees of freedom by two commodity cameras. The inexpensive Light Chisel is statically illuminated with two LEDs, and uses no…


Example-Based Expressive Animation of 2D Rigid Bodies
We present a novel approach to facilitate the creation of stylized 2D rigid body animations. Our approach can handle multiple rigid objects following complex physically-simulated…


Painting by Feature: Texture Boundaries for Example…
In this paper we propose a reinterpretation of the brush and the fill tools for digital image painting. The core idea is to provide an intuitive approach that allows users to…


Perceptually Motivated BRDF Comparison using Single…
Surface reflectance of real-world materials is now widely represented by the bidirectional reflectance distribution function (BRDF) and also by spatially varying representations…


T-SAH: Animation Optimized Bounding Volume Hierarchies
We propose a method for creating a bounding volume hierarchy (BVH) that is optimized for all frames of a given animated scene. The method is based on a novel extension of surface…


StyLit: Illumination-Guided Example-Based Stylization…
We present an approach to example-based stylization of 3D renderings that better preserves the rich expressiveness of hand-created artwork. Unlike previous techniques, which are…


BRDF Slices: Accurate Adaptive Anisotropic Appearance…
In this paper we introduce unique publicly available dense anisotropic BRDF data measurements. We use this dense data as a reference for performance evaluation of the proposed…




Education
Theses





Accurate 3D model of DCGI corridor
The purpose of this bachelor thesis is to create 3D model of two corridors and a loft in section of building FEE CTU near Karl’s square. Description of theoretical basics in 3D…











































Accurate 3D model of DCGI corridor
The purpose of this bachelor thesis is to create 3D model of two corridors and a loft in section of building FEE CTU near Karl’s square. Description of theoretical basics in 3D…


Obecné výpočty na GPU
Cílem předmětu je seznámení studentů se základními principy obecných výpočtů na grafických procesorech (GPGPU) a získání praktických zkušeností s návrhem a implementací aplikací…


Vizualizace
V rámci tohoto předmětu budou studenti seznámeni s teoretickými základy vizualizace a seznámí se také s příklady vizualizace na konkrétních úlohách z praxe. Vizualizační metody…


Data Structures for Interpolation of Illumination with…
Irradiance and radiance caching are important algorithms for solving the light transport problem in realistic image synthesis. They both require geometric search data structures…


Testování uživatelského rozhraní
Studenti se v rámci předmětu seznámí se základními principy testování uživatelských rozhraní. Přednášky pokrývají nejdůležitější okruhy dané problematiky tak, aby studenti mohli…


Sculpting in Virtual Reality
Sculpting is a popular method of 3D modeling that could benefit from the recent advancements in the field of virtual reality. This thesis focuses on implementation of a sculpting…


Deferred shading based extensible rendering pipeline
Implementation of modern rendering pipeline based on deferred shading is discussed and realized in this work. We focus on extensibility by new advanced algorithms. Firstly methods…


Kurz multimedálních aplikací
Studenti praktickou cestou získají potřebné znalosti pro vytváření geometrie 3D modelů (polygonální, Nurbs a subdividion technika modelování), nastavení materiálů a světel a…


Educational Application for Preschool Children
Children are now living in a world that is no longer filled with real-life experience only: they can see fairies and monsters coming to life in modern rendered movies, and play…


Programování grafiky 2
Cílem předmětu je seznámit studenty s pokročilými technikami pro modelování a zobrazování scén a s možnostmi moderních grafických akcelerátorů a způsobu jejich programování.…


Návrh uživatelského rozhraní
Studenti se v rámci předmětu seznámí hlouběji s teoretickými základy návrhu a vyhodnocování uživatelských rozhraní. Bude prezentováno široké spektrum formálních metod popisu…


Voxel Cone Tracing for Indirect Illumination
Indirect illumination is the fundamental part of realistic image synthesis. Its evaluation is computationally expansive and usually highly dependent on geometrical complexity of…


Humanoid model
The following BA thesis deals with creating a humanoid model with the Autodesk Maya software. The work builds upon acquired knowledge from the Y39KMA subject, during which another…


Global Illumination via Instant Radiosity
Global illumination algorithms form a fundamental part of the realistic image synthesis discipline. They consider the necessary indirect illumination component, and they usually…


Realistická syntéza obrazu
Předmět se zabývá technikami a algoritmy globálního osvětlení používanými pro vytváření realistických obrazů na počítači (realistický rendering). Několik přednášek se věnuje…


Multimédia a počítačová animace
Předmět je zaměřen na výklad metod používaných v oblasti počítačové animace. Studenti získají přehled současných problémů v oblasti počítačové animace. Porozumí jak rastrové…


Multimediální a grafické aplikace
Cílem předmětu je přehledné seznámení s teoretickými základy multimedií a počítačové grafiky a použití těchto znalostí v praxi.


System supporting tourism of visually impaired people
The theoretical part of this thesis analyses the needs and problems of visually impaired tourists, proposes a software solution of a system designed to support the visually…


Pokročilé metody interaktivní editace obrazu
Předmět srozumitelným způsobem prezentuje řadu moderních metod interaktivní editace digitálního obrazu a videa. Důraz je kladen především na algoritmy, které vynikají…


Počítačové hry a animace
Studenti získají orientaci v typických problémech, se kterými se lze setkat při programování počítačových her. Seznámí se například s technikami reprezentace, zobrazení a animace…


As-Rigid-As-Possible Image Registration
This thesis deals with image registration method that can be employed for image pre-processing for the purpose of facilitating the process of feature extraction. This method is…


Point cloud planar segmentation
This bachelor's thesis concerns about point cloud processing, specifically about planar segmentation of point clouds. Planar segmentation finds its use in 3D digital…


Intelligent Algorithms for Image Inpainting
The problem of synthesis of missing image parts represents an interesting area of image processing with significant potential. This thesis focuses on methods addressing the image…


Efficient methods for computing complex global…
Computing a photo realistic image of an arbitrary virtual scene in an affordable amount of time is still an open problem. Often, one has to trade certain illumination effects for…


Progressive Consistent Computation of Global…
Progressiveness in a global illumination algorithm is a desirable, yet seldom considered property. We have decided to explore this class of algorithms with additional focus on…


Algoritmy počítačové grafiky
Obsahem předmětu jsou základní a nejčastěji používané algoritmy počítačové grafiky. Předmět pokrývá metody používané pro tvorbu rastrových obrazů (2D) a zobrazování prostorových…


Programování grafiky
K vykreslování věrných obrázků trojrozměrných scén se používají grafické knihovny. Cílem předmětu je seznámit studenty s aplikačním grafickým rozhraním pro 3D grafiku a naučit je…


Grafická tvorba
Předmět poskytne studentům základní přehled o principech grafického navrhování a typografie. Součástí předmětu je praktická příprava na samostatný výtvarný návrh elektronického…


3D modelování a virtuální realita
Předmět obsahuje přehled systémů pro virtuální realitu (VR) a úplný výklad jazyka VRML. Jsou prezentovány metody konstruování různých virtuálních světů - statických, dynamických,…


Methods for Fast Construction of Bounding Volume…
The bounding volume hierarchy is one of the most common acceleration data structures used in computer graphics. This thesis is about a fast parallel construction of bounding…


Programování grafiky
K vykreslování věrných obrázků trojrozměrných scén se používají grafické knihovny. Cílem předmětu je seznámit studenty s aplikačním grafickým rozhraním pro 3D grafiku a naučit je…


Running and jogging support application
The upwarding trend in health care refflected in recreational running and increasing ophistication of mobile technology creates space for developing helpful support applications.…


Roller coaster simulation
This thesis describes the design and implementation of a roller coaster editor and simulator. It introduces the way to describe most of existing roller coasters including its…


Výpočetní geometrie
Cílem výpočetní geometrie je analýza a návrh efektivních algoritmů pro určování vlastností a vztahů geometrických objektů. Řeší se problémy geometrického vyhledávání, problém…


Painting hand-drawn images using mobile devices
This thesis deals with the implementation of iOS application for colorization of hand-drawn images captured with the built-in camera. For image colorization the LazyBrush…






Latest events

Invited Talk - Eduard Gröller - A Matter of Scale
Invited Talk - TU Delft: Electronic Partners for navigation…
Jakub Fišer at Adobe MAX 2017
Awards for Bachelor and Master Students
Opening of the Czech Innovation Festival 2017 in Berlin


Hattrick of Prof. Sýkora's research group (@SIGGRAPH 2017)
Invited Talk - Tobias Ritschel - Computing the Best Image…
Neuron Award for Daniel Sýkora
Three talks at the Czech VR Fest
Invited Talk - Stefan Leijnen - Utilizing Deep Learning as… 











Department of Computer Graphics and Interaction
Faculty of Electrical Engineering
Czech Technical University in Prague






